loop detection based on max rules by correlator (#679)
telefonicaid/perseo-fe: docs/architecture/architecture.md

In a best-effort to avoid this situation as much as possible, the feature of propagation of the header field
`Fiware-correlator` is used. This header field is taken from the incoming request (or created if not present) and sent
to every external system. The Context Broker follows the same tactic. In a loop, the same correlator will be sent

> between perseo and orion, like a ping-pong game. So, if perseo-core sends an action to perseo-fe and the number of rules 
> executed previously with that same correlator exceds then it declines execuite it. It could be part of an infinite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
between perseo and orion, like a ping-pong game. So, if perseo-core sends an action to perseo-fe and the number of rule executions
done previously with that same correlator overpasses a given limit (set by config.maxRulesByCorr / PERSEO_MAX_RULES_BY_CORR) then it declines execuite it. It could be part of an infinite
```
